Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
So many books, so little time.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching, Love like you'll never be hurt, Sing like there's nobody listening, And live like it's heaven on earth.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
Don't walk in front of me... I may not follow. Don't walk behind me. I may not lead. Walk beside me just be my friend
Friendship ... is born at the moment when one man says to another "What! You too? I thought that no one but myself . . .
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.
The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance.
To ignore social media would be like early man ignoring fire.
Recognizing the need is the primary condition for design.
There is a very fine line between stupid and clever.
Good design at the front-end suggests that everything is in order at the back-end, whether or not that is the case.
There is no excellent beauty that hath not some strangeness in the proportion.
Designers can create normalcy out of chaos; they can clearly communicate ideas through the organising and manipulating of words and pictures.
Begin with the end in mind.
If you have a great idea, it will tell you how to execute it.
I warn you against believing that advertising is a science.
Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see.
When it comes to writing code, the number one most important skill is how to keep a tangle of features from collapsing under the weight of its own complexity.
Learning Web Design is like playing video games: You start small and build your character as you progress, then you beat the boss, literally.
Design is not about innovation. Design is about communication. Innovation in design is usually a wonderful byproduct or direct result of a particular need. Design that seeks to foremost be innovative will commonly fall apart under its own stylistic girth.
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.
Nobody ever get fired for running an A/B test.
Without deviation from the norm progress is not possible.
One of the most significant differences between graphic designers and other visual artists is our unhinged love of typography.
Simplicity and complexity need each other.
It is not easy to know what you like. Most people fool themselves their entire lives about this. Self-acquaintance is a rare condition.
Once the problem was stated, its solution came to me in a flash.
A man who would letterspace lower case would steal sheep, Frederic Goudy liked to say. If this wisdom needs updating, it is chiefly to say that a woman who would letterspace lower case would steal sheep as well.
Design is directed toward human beings. To design is to solve human problems by identifying them and executing the best solution.
Standards are like toothbrushes, everybody agrees you should have one, but no one wants to use yours.
I became a graphic artist because of the tools. I love working at a big drawing table with traditional tools: T-squares, compasses, mechanical pencils, French curves, blank ink, and graphite. At a computer, one works on a keyboard. I never considered myself a typist.
Redesigning somebody else's product is always a tricky business. You don't know why they made the decisions they made. You don't have the data they have.
Everyone gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense.
You can design and create, and build the most wonderful place in the world. But it takes people to make the dream a reality.
You are what you are seen to be.
Delay always breeds danger; and to protract a great design is often to ruin it.
Every child is an artist. The challenge is to remain an artist after you grow up.
Letterspacing creates speedbumps for the reader.
There are some things in painting which cannot be explained, and that something is essential.
Great ideas, like babies, are often conceived after a few glasses of wine.
There are now about as many different varieties of letters as there are different kinds of fools.
No one ever discovered anything new by coloring inside the lines.
You don't think your way to creative work. You work your way to creative thinking.
Artists are natural marketers for everyone but themselves.
Decoration is just make-up for the wrinkles of the idea.
Always read with a pen in hand. The pen should be used both to mark the text you want to remember and to write from where the text leaves you. Think of the text as the starting point for your own words.
...the wisest course of action is to take your best shot with a prototype, immediately get to market, and iterate quickly. If you wait for ideal circumstances in which you have all the information you need (which is impossible) the market will pass you by.
Design is so critical it should be on the agenda of every meeting in every single department.
You don't get harmony if everyone sings the same note.
I believe that a good user interface is carefully targeted towards its audience, with the right mixture of simplicity, elegance and innovation.
It takes confidence to throw work away ... When people first start drawing, they're often reluctant to redo parts that aren't right ... they convince themselves that the drawing is not that bad, really - in fact, maybe they meant it to look that way.
Know thy user, and you are not thy user.
I find modernist design boring, but it so much faster!
Marketing without design is lifeless, and design without marketing is mute.
The word design is everything and nothing. The design and the product itself are inseparable.
To push the boundaries, you need to know where the edges are.
Design for many instead of designing for money.
Think 8 hours, work 2 hours.
Art is making something out of nothing and selling it.
Innovation leads one to see the new in the old and distinguishes the ingenious from the ingenuous.
You get up early in the morning and you work all day. That's the only secret.
The whole essence of good drawing-and of good thinking, perhaps-is to work a subject down to the simplest form possible and still have it believable for what it is meant to be.
Her complexity is a glorious fire that consumes, while her simplicity goes unapproachable. But if one takes time to understand her, there is something beautiful to find, something simple to be loved. But she goes unloved, for being misunderstood.
I love making the stuff, that's sort of the core of it. I love creating the stuff. It's so satisfying to get from the beginning to the end, from a shaky nothing idea to something that's well formed and the audience really likes. It's like a drug: You keep trying to do it again and again and again. I've learned from experience that if you work harder at it, and apply more energy and time to it, and more consistency, you get a better result. It comes from the work.
The life of a designer is a life of fight: fight against the ugliness.
Ability proceeds from a fusion of skills, knowledge, understanding and imagination, consolidated by experience.
Everything is designed. Few things are designed well.
Simplicity should be found in the execution, not in the meaning.
Good art inspires; Good design motivates.
Verbalizing design is another act of design.
If you want a quick logo that has no research, brand definition or storytelling as part of its development, then you are buying ART not DESIGN. Design creates connections.
Design is about enabling ideas, processes and products: making them approachable, usable, desireable and memorable.
Design has to work, art does not.
Never let your clients see you drive a more expensive car than they drive.
Honesty is the best policy, unless you work in advertising.
Design is a plan for arranging elements in such a way as best to accomplish a particular purpose.
Using a watermark on your work is like peeing on your belongings so no one will steal them.
It has taken my entire life to understand what I already knew about creating art in 3rd grade.
What problem have you solved, ever, that was worth solving where you knew all the given information in advance? No problem worth solving is like that. In the real world; you have a surplus of information and you have to filter it or; you don't have sufficient information and you have to go find some.
I think design covers so much more than the aesthetic. Design is fundamentally more. Design is usability. It is Information Architecture. It is Accessibility. This is all design.
Complaining is silly. Act or forget.
A good designer may not have all the answers, but he knows which questions to ask.
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Design is knowing which ones to keep.
The next time you're caught in a room full of smart people doing something dumb (like trying to anticipate what your users will do), tune them out, flip open your laptop, and start prototyping.
No great thing is created suddenly.
Design is more about the process than it is about the resulting prettiness.
If a feature or product were legitimately easy the user would not be writing in to support about how stuck they are. Sure, some percentage of users will find questions to ask about any interface. But do you want to start the conversation by assuming the user falls into that percentage? You venture to learn much more if you assume the software is wrong, not the user.
Design is as much a matter of finding problems as it is solving them.
The moment clients realize that revisions are not an all-you-can-eat buffet, suddenly they realize they are not hungry.
The ability to change on a dime is one thing small teams have by default that big teams can never have. This is where the big guys envy the little guys. What might take a big team in a huge organization weeks to change may only take a day in a small, lean organization. That advantage is priceless.
Designers are meant to be loved, not to be understood.
Sometimes you have to keep ideas for decades before they have any use.
Don't let your design resist your readers. Don't let it stand in the way of what they want to do: read.
It is far better to adapt the technology to the user than to force the user to adapt to the technology.
I never let my schooling get in the way of my education.
Design creates culture. Culture shapes values. Values determine the future.
Sometimes the best way to prove your own value is to let a client play the field.
People with tiny glasses and costly shoes can always find a couple of hours to explain how you did it all wrong.
Good communication is as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after.
Design is more of a kitchen than a knife, and more of a lab than a beaker.
Inspiration could be called inhaling the memory of an act never experienced.
Spec = asking the world to have sex with you and promising a dinner date to one lucky winner.
Think more, design less.
Clients have no trouble paying $5,800 for an hour in a Gulfstream corporate jet or $425 for a month of parking. But God forbid they spend $3 per on a glossy annual report.
The great thing about personal work is that it can shape your commercial work. Clients see what you create for yourself and that can be the starting point for a new project, which closes the cap between the work you love making and the work you get paid for.
Good design is obvious. Great design is transparent.
Not everyone notices the flowers you plant, but everyone will notice the fire you start.
Styles come and go. Good design is a language, not a style.
To some degree, to be creative you have to be selfish.
You do not need to have a great idea before you can begin working; you need to begin working before you can have a great idea.
The conclusion of design flows naturally from the data; we should not shrink from it; we should embrace it and build on it.
Design is a formal response to a strategic question.
Fire the committee. No great website in history has been conceived of by more than three people. Not one. This is a dealbreaker.
There is no better designer than nature.
I make all my decisions on intuition. But then, I must know why I made that decision. I throw a spear into the darkness. That is intuition. Then I must send an army into the darkness to find the spear. That is intellect.
There are too many elements on most web pages to affix or align each one to the baseline grid. Doing so would require a mathematical rigor that, if it can be achieved, might produce rationally exact measurements and placements but will most likely be something less than elegant. The result would be a design driven by math, rather than a design that uses math to create an elegant product.
Sometimes there is no need to be either clever or original.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit.
The function of design is letting design function.
Minimalism is not a lack of something. It's simply the perfect amount of something.
I fill up a place, which may be better... when I have made it empty.
I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
Every act of creation is first an act of destruction.
Design is as much an act of spacing as an act of marking.
The grid is like the lines on a football field. You can play a great game in the grid or a lousy game. But the goal is to play a really fine game.
As with most social phenomena, social-network success tends to happen more organically and unpredictably than anyone is able to artificially create by throwing money at it.
Tell it like it is, in a way they want to hear it.
Do right.
The only true happiness comes from squandering ourselves for a purpose.
Color is a creative element, not a trimming.
Art is an idea that has found its perfect visual expression. And design is the vehicle by which this expression is made possible. Art is a noun, and design is a noun and also a verb. Art is a product and design is a process. Design is the foundation of all the arts.
If you do good work for good clients, it will lead to other good work for other good clients. If you do bad work for bad clients, it will lead to other bad work for other bad clients.
History has remembered the kings and warriors, because they destroyed; art has remembered the people, because they created.
A beef filet cooked for 15 hours by 30 cooks doesn't necessarily taste better than a cheeseburger.
Never stand still. If you stand still, you get lost, because someone else is always moving.
The same hand can draw art for the sake of emotional expression and design that serves a purpose.
If you never venture outside the box, you will probably not be creative. But if you never get inside the box, you will certainly be stupid.
Sure, our competitors will laugh. Let them laugh so hard that they cannot breathe.
Design is intelligence made visible.
I like jumping back and forth between a few different things to let my subconscious chew on one problem while my conscious works on something else.
You have to finish things - that's what you learn from, you learn by finishing things.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.
Preparation gives birth to self-confidence.
I don't care if you're a billionaire. If you haven't started a company, really gambled your resume and your money and maybe even your marriage to just go crazy and try something on your own, you're no pirate and you aren't in the club.
There are two ways of constructing a software design. One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies. And the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies.
Photoshop is a privilege, not a right.
A man who would letterspace lower case would steal sheep.
If you know how to use a pencil to draw, you could probably draw anything. Now apply that to everything in life.
The most valued products will be designed to live beyond the device, context, or technology they were originally intended for.
I can always find love, but eventually I get horny for my creativity.
In a well-made book, where designer, compositor and printer have all done their jobs, no matter how many thousands of lines and pages they must occupy, the letters are alive. They dance in their seats. Sometimes they rise and dance in the margins and aisles.
If I do my job well, the identity program will also clean up the image of the company, position it as being contemporary and keep it from ever looking dated.
Easy is not to be underestimated. Easy taps the pool of talent and ideas out there that were turned off by hard.
Good designs come from the heart, not from the brain.
Design is an art of situations. Designers respond to a need, a problem, a circumstance, that arises in the world. The best work is produced in relation to interesting situations - an open-minded client, a good cause, or great content.
We use the letters of our alphabet every day with the utmost ease and unconcern, taking them for granted as the air we breathe. We do not realize that each of these letters is at our service today only as the result of a long and laboriously slow process of evolution in the age-old art of writing.
Bad design is smoke, while good design is a mirror.
Education is not the answer to the question. Education is the means to the answer to all questions.
Well done is better than well said.
Good design is finding a solution to a problem. Great design is finding the simplest solution to the same problem.
Curiosity about life in all of its aspects, I think, is still the secret of great creative people.
Most of the mediocre design today comes from designers who are faithfully doing as they were taught in school: they worship at the altar of the visual.
Get in over your head as often and as joyfully as possible.
Interesting things never happen to me. I happen to them.
Design is the conscious effort to impose a meaningful order.
I can never stand still. I must explore and experiment. I am never satisfied with my work. I resent the limitations of my own imagination.
The worst thing you can do to anybody trying to be creative is to demand participation in their vision.
Most [clients] expect experience design to be a discrete activity, solving all their problems with a single functional specification or a single research study. It must be an ongoing effort, a process of continually learning about users, responding to their behaviors, and evolving the product or service.
Decisions on artwork by committee end up being made on the premise of not turning people off rather than turning people on.
Beauty is the ultimate defense against complexity.
It is not daily increase but daily decrease; hack away the unessential.
What works good is better than what looks good, because what works good lasts.
The web is the ultimate customer-empowering environment. He or she who clicks the mouse gets to decide everything. It is so easy to go elsewhere; all the competitors in the world are but a mouseclick away.
Any attempt to separate design, to make it a thing-by-itself, works counter to the inherent value of design as the primary, underlying matrix of life.
When graphic designers got bored with the perfection offered by the newly arrived computers that could render artwork to within a tiny pixel, they rebelled by writing programmes that randomized individual letters and whole pages every time a printer processed them. A designer who didn't like what a copywriter had delivered even set that text in illegible pictograms and icons.
A designer who gives her art away, makes no pay. A designer who keeps her art to herself, makes no friends.
For web designers, there are four keys to surviving bad economic times: do good work, charge a fair price, lower your overhead, and be sure you are communicating with your client.
Eloquence is vehement simplicity.
Design can have many types of soul, the key is to have one.
Roses are red, violets are blue. I wont send the job unless you pay me.
The time it takes to make a decision increases as the number of alternatives increases.
The pushy bird gets the worm.
A picture is worth a thousand dollars.
Every creator painfully experiences the chasm between his inner vision and its ultimate expression.
Less is more.
Teaching peers is one of the best ways to develop mastery.
My eyes hurt, but my hand keeps sketching.
Perfect typography is certainly the most elusive of all arts. Sculpture in stone alone comes near it in obstinacy.
The simplest way to achieve simplicity is through thoughtful reduction.
Computer design is quite often merely bad design done on a computer.
Beautiful accidents can happen, but accident is not the basis for design excellence. Purposeful discovery followed by focused, skillful conceptualization and execution is the basis for design excellence.
Every picture owes more to other pictures painted before than it owes to nature.
Hackers don't need idea people when they are the idea people.
Do what I want, not what I say.
Now that we can do anything, what should we do?
I don't want something special. I want something beautifully plain.
The most effective way to make a design usable is to make it interesting enough that people want to use it.
Make it simple. Make it memorable. Make it inviting to look at. Make it fun to read.
Offend nobody, design for somebody.
Creativity is in everyone; it just manifests itself differently with each person. My CPA, for example, is one of the most creative people I know.
?Heaven, I believe, is right here, just waiting for us to create it.
You have to be interested in culture to design for it.
Excellence is not a skill, it is an attitude.
A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that worked. The inverse proposition also appears to be true: A complex system designed from scratch never works and cannot be made to work. You have to start over, beginning with a working simple system.
Once you eliminate quality as a requirement, the entire design process becomes a whole lot easier.
Design is the contrast of the core of limitations therefore there are no boundaries. It is simply an interpretation of creativity.
Bad design shouts at you. Good design is the silent seller.
To envision what will be, you must remove yourself from the constant concern for what already is.
Web design is responsive design. Responsive web design is web design, done right.
When I complained about being paid fifty dollars for an article that had taken me a week to write, he [Kurt] said I should take into account what it would have cost me to take out a two-page ad announcing that I could write.
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results.
The way something looks is the last thing we figure out.
Be stimulated by rejection.
Good design must be defined by appropriateness to audience and goals, and by its effectiveness, not by its adherence to Swiss design or the number of awards it wins.
You can use an eraser on the drafting table or a sledge hammer on the construction site.
If you look at any designer you admire, whose work inspires you, and whose approach somehow resonates with you, I promise you'll find a person who does not think of what they do as just their job.
The quality of any creative endeavor tends to approach the level of taste of whoever is in charge.
A mystery is the most stimulating force in unleashing the imagination.
Luck is the residue of design.
Design is creativity with strategy.
Questions about whether design is necessary or affordable are quite beside the point: design is inevitable. The alternative to good design is bad design, not no design at all.
The prerequisite of originality is the art of forgetting, at the proper moment, what we know.
To be truly great, we have to understand the motivation of our clients, maintain constant two-way communication with shockingly uncreative people, get a firm handle on copywriting and how that craft exists symbiotically with the visual element, and foresee how the finished whole will be greater than the sum of the bits and pieces we spent hours obsessing over. All of these factors cascade into the final product.
Wisdom is knowing what to do next, skill is knowing how to do it, and virtue is doing it.
Many desperate acts of design (including gradients, drop shadows, and the gratuitous use of transparency) are perpetuated in the absence of a strong concept. A good idea provides a framework for design decisions, guiding the work.
Design is not the narrow application of formal skills, it is a way of thinking.
Traditional marketing is often seeing is getting people to do things but I think web marketing is about helping people do things.
If you can't solve a problem, it's because you're playing by the rules.
There is an unmistakeable difference between a bag of rabbit parts and a rabbit.
The work you do while you procrastinate is probably the work you should be doing for the rest of your life.
Perfection is boring. Getting better is where all the fun is.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Stop downloading. Start uploading.
In the design process, my gut instinct is my best critic. I just wish I would always listen to it!
If I create from the heart, nearly everything works; if from the head, almost nothing.
Simplicity does not mean want or poverty. It does not mean the absence of any decor, or absolute nudity. It only means that the decor should belong intimately to the design proper, and that anything foreign to it should be taken away.
At the end of the day, pretty colors make people drool.
Truly elegant design incorporates top-notch functionality into a simple, uncluttered form.
We make the whole widget.
Ideas are worthless. Execution is everything.
Great stories happen to people who can tell them.
If you pay peanuts, you get monkeys.
Listen to your client, take into consideration all of their input, weigh the options, study the details, know the target audience, and then, if necessary, ignore all of it and design what you think will work best.
A healthy creative process should be able to give a coherent rationale to a client as to why you designed what you designed.
Passion, dedication, and silly lists of what designers need are what designers need.
People ignore design that ignores people.
Technical skill is mastery of complexity, while creativity is mastery of simplicity.
Graphic design is the paradise of individuality, eccentricity, heresy, abnormality, hobbies and humours.
Good design begins with honesty, asks tough questions, comes from collaboration and from trusting your intuition.
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
Think outside the DIV.
Design is a good idea.
The major difference between a thing that might go wrong and a thing that cannot possibly go wrong is that when a thing that cannot possibly go wrong goes wrong it usually turns out to be impossible to get at or repair.
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
There are no bad ideas, just bad decisions.
You mix a bunch of ingredients, and once in a great while, chemistry happens.
I don't read inspiring books. I find that such books give me a temporal high, but they don't give me the power to actually follow through. In fact, I suspect these books often serve as a substitute for actual success, rather than as a way of helping people achieve success. By reading inspiring books, you can experience success vicariously; they free you from having to achieve things yourself.
Colors, like features, follow the changes of the emotions.
If you are going to have less things, they have to be great things.
Limit your usage to two fonts (three at the absolute most) to help viewers focus on the words, not how many different fonts are saying them.
Opportunity is missed by people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Put yourself out there, being awesome is long tail.
The grid system is an aid, not a guarantee.
Worry is essentially a misuse of imagination.
Never let the blood show.
Everyone is an artist.
In most agencies, account executives outnumber the copywriters two to one. If you were a dairy farmer, would you employ twice as many milkers as you had cows?
Be regular and orderly in your life like a bourgeois, so that you may be violent and original in your work.
The difference between a Designer and Developer, when it comes to design skills, is the difference between shooting a bullet and throwing it.
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
A good design can feel like something you have always been waiting for without knowing.
Give a crap. Don't give a fuck.
Design has become the cover for unnecessary consumption.
If you see a snake, just kill it. Don't appoint a committee on snakes.
Design is content with intent. Content without intent is noise. Intent without content is decoration.
A designer, like an archaeologist or geologist; researches, uncovers and adds context to precious, overlooked treasures by digging deep beneath the surface.
When typography is on point, words become images.
Stop being afraid of your own pictures, stop worshiping art, treat it the Polish way, condescendingly, make it obedient, and then your originality will release itself in you, new roads will open in front of you and you will gain what is most valuable, most fertile: your own reality.
That's what all we are: amateurs. We don't live long enough to be anything else.
All things are designed, just some things more thoughtfully than others.
Clients are the difference between design and art.
A person tends to critique a design in one of several ways. The most common, and usually least valuable, is by gut reaction.
Technology over technique produces emotionless design.
Suppose I showed you two rooms where in one a group of programmers was developing a program to monitor a heart patient and keep him alive until the doctors arrive if something goes wrong and in the other a group of street people was using Microsoft Word to write letters to their parole officers. You would not be able to tell the rooms apart.
Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must live.
Design is about making things good (and then better) and right (and fantastic) for the people who use and encounter them.
Supposing is good, but finding out is better.
The details are not the details. They make the design.
To achieve great things, two things are needed: a plan, and not quite enough time.
Every night I pray that clients with taste will get money and clients with money will get taste.
It took me a few seconds to draw it, but it took me 34 years to learn how to draw it in a few seconds.
A good portfolio will get you an interview. A good attitude will get you a job.
You cannot not communicate.
To say a grid is limiting is to say that language is limiting, or typography is limiting.
I think design would be better if designers were much more skeptical about its applications. If you believe in the potency of your craft, where you choose to dole it out is not something to take lightly.
There is no design without discipline. There is no discipline without intelligence.
Write it down. You will lose thoughts, you thought, that you thought.
Whether the task is writing, design, or hanging a picture straight, it is obvious that we do our best work when healthy, rested, refreshed, alert, and eager to do the job for its own sake.
That's why pro bono work is great. You choose to do it, and if you're choosing to do it to grow your own work, your deal is essentially that you're not going to collaborate. You're going to do the job the way you think the job is gonna be done.
Write drunk; edit sober.
Design to express, not to impress.
We adore chaos because we love to produce order.
A designer knows he has achieved perfection not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
When is the last time you saw a Lamborghini sale?
Modernism does not mean minimalism, contemporary does not forsake tradition, and technology does not mean abandon people and senses.
Simply making decisions, one after another, can be a form of art.
The second best friend you can have (the first being someone who can give you a good job) is another designer or illustrator.
Your imagination is the hood ornament on the car of creativity.
The large print giveth and the small print taketh away.
Observation and imitation are so often the steps to creative maturation. An insightful person can turn these into innovation.
When you do something, you should burn yourself up completely, like a good bonfire, leaving no trace of yourself.
My secret is being not terrible at a lot of things.
Design is an opportunity to continue telling the story, not just to sum everything up.
Some people want their paychecks and to go home, and that's fine. You and me, though-we're gonna work harder than they do. We'll build things that ensure that entire populations just setting foot on the web for the first time can tap into the collected knowledge of the whole of mankind.
My adventure has all been in my mind. The great adventure has been thinking. I love to think about things. I think that the lack of drama in my life has produced a platform for me to be fundamentally adventurous in my thinking.
The best ideas come as jokes. Make your thinking as funny as possible.
Every great design begins with an even better story.
A designer can mull over complicated designs for months. Then suddenly the simple, elegant, beautiful solution occurs to him. When it happens to you, it feels as if God is talking! And maybe He is.
He who cannot draw on three thousand years is living from hand to mouth.
Here is one of the few effective keys to the design problem - the ability of the designer to recognize as many of the constraints as possible - his willingness and enthusiasm for working within these constraints. Constraints of price, of size, of strength, of balance, of surface, of time and so forth.
We read best what we read most.
I can think of nothing worse than becoming really popular, being all the rage.
Design is the body language of your marketing. Don't slouch.
What garlic is to food, insanity is to art.
If I forget the words, they weren't very memorable in the first place.
Stare. It is the way to educate your eye, and more. Stare, pry, listen, eavesdrop. Die knowing something. You are not here long.
No, Watson, this was not done by accident, but by design.
Smart people are attracted to stories, not feature lists.
We are so busying measuring public opinion that we forget we can mold it. We are so busy listening to statistics we forget we can create them.
Mistakes are the portals of discovery.
Do we really need a simple definition of design or should we accept that design is too complex a matter to be summarized in less than a book?
The challenge is for the graphic designer to turn data into information and information into messages of meaning.
If you spend an hour now, you can save five later.
Because every person knows what he likes, every person thinks he is an expert on user interfaces.
A portfolio as pretty as pictures is nothing but a tip of the iceberg, the real treasure underlies the ocean.
When in doubt, use Caslon.
I would say my biggest pet peeve related to the industry would be people focusing on technology instead of design, standards instead of users, and validation rather than innovation. Web standards and best practices are noble goals, but all too often in our community people forget they are a means to an end, not the end itself.
If you are demanding registration before checkout, you need to cease this practice immediately. It is costing you a fortune.
A designer is a planner with an aesthetic sense.
Always give a little more than you promise.
A graphic designer is a machine that turns coffee into beautiful, functional imagery.
The secret of success is doing something you love, doing it well and being recognized for it.
Legibility is not the same thing as readability.
Any product that needs a manual to work is broken.
Design is a mix of craft, science, storytelling, propaganda, and philosophy.
Designers must be stewards of design rather than dictators.
How can there be too many typefaces in the world? Are there too many songs, too many books, too many places to go?
I want to risk hitting my head on the ceiling of my talent. I want to really test it out and say: O.K., you're not that good. You just reached the level here. I don't ever want to fail, but I want to risk failure every time out of the gate.
Descriptions are like skirts, they should be long enough to cover the subject, but short enough to keep things interesting.
A drawing should have no unnecessary lines and a machine no unnecessary parts.
If you want me to give you a two-hour presentation, I am ready today.  If you want only a five-minute speech, it will take me two weeks to prepare.
Usage is like oxygen for ideas.
Testing one user early in the project is better than testing fifty near the end.
Never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity.
The good is not a category that interests me.
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
Every practice has a set of rules which governs it. Mastery occurs with the realization of these rules. Innovation occurs at the point of intelligent and creative rebellion against them.
Keep it simple, stupid!
Do you think advertisement can sell if nobody can read it? You cannot save souls in an empty church.
I have no data yet. It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data. Insensibly one begins to twist facts to suit theories, instead of theories to suit facts.
You can be misunderstood exactly once. After that, you are not being misunderstood; you are communicating poorly.
Senior men have no monopoly on great ideas. Nor do creative people. Some of the best ideas come from account executives, researchers and others. Encourage this, you need all the ideas you can get.
In the presence of good rationale, maintainers should be willing to change their mind often.
Stop looking at yourself as a designer, and start thinking of yourself as a deliverer of ideas.
Web design is art wrapped in technology.
Remember it takes a lot of shit, to create a beautiful flower.
Practice safe design: Use a concept.
Design to communicate, not just decorate.
Creativity is magical, but is not magic.
Design is a process for making things right, for shaping what people need.
Whoever best describes the problem, is the one most likely to solve it.
Today's designers and illustrators are synthesizing the best elements from past eras of graphic design to create a new visual language with a reduced and rational approach.
Everything we do communicates.
Ideas trump aesthetics. Convenience trumps UI. Content trumps platforms.
To see takes time.
Good design is partially creativity and innovation, but primarily knowledge and awareness.
An ad should be an appetizer, not a buffet.
In business we do a great job learning and teaching the tools for optimizing our results (how to build), but not a lot of time exploring the tools that will help us understand the experience we should be creating (what we should build).
Simplicity is not about making something without ornament, but rather about making something very complex, then slicing elements away, until you reveal the very essence.
Influence is borrowed, inspiration is earned. Create opportunities to earn it, and have a plan to capture it.
Like all forms of design, visual design is about problem solving, not about personal preference or unsupported opinion.
Designing with watermarked photos is like baking with fake sugar.
You can be watching TV and see Coca-Cola, and you know that the President drinks Coke, Liz Taylor drinks Coke, and just think, you can drink Coke, too. A Coke is a Coke and no amount of money can get you a better Coke than the one the bum on the corner is drinking. All the Cokes are the same and all the Cokes are good. Liz Taylor knows it, the President knows it, the bum knows it, and you know it.
Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the face.
A good designer finds an elegant way to put everything you need on a page. A great designer convinces you half that shit is unnecessary.
Much like music, great art is also found in the spaces between your graphic elements.
Getting addicted to design is bad for design.
Design is thinking made visual.
Be a first rate version of yourself, not a second rate version of someone else.
Visualization without Design is merely a dream. Design without Visualization just passes the time.
One can steal ideas, but no one can steal execution or passion.
By far the dominant reason for not releasing sooner was a reluctance to trade the dream of success for the reality of feedback.
Typography is a beautiful group of letters, not a group of beautiful letters.
The works must be conceived with fire in the soul, but executed with clinical coolness.
If Ernest Hemingway, James Mitchener, Neil Simon, Frank Lloyd Wright, and Pablo Picasso could not get it right the first time, what makes you think that you will?
A good design solves a problem. A bad design creates many.
Everything that can be said, can be said clearly.
Simplicity is not the goal. It is the by-product of a good idea and modest expectations.
Experience has shown that our best customers are ones who have as much respect for our time as we have for theirs.
Broken gets fixed. Shoddy lasts forever.
I rarely agree with what clients ask me to do.
Too often, look and feel, color scheme, layout, and identity are presented as solutions to problems discussed in these conversations long before regard is given to other less-aesthetic issues that may very well be the root of the problem. The old warning against treating symptom rather than cause comes to mind.
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got.
Remember to always be yourself. Unless you suck.
The critical distinction between a craftsman and an expert is what happens after a sufficient level of expertise has been achieved. The expert will do everything she can to remain wedded to a single context, narrowing the scope of her learning, her practice, and her projects. The craftsman has the courage and humility to set aside her expertise and pick up an unfamiliar technology or learn a new domain.
It's not uncommon for designers to confuse a beautiful looking product with one that works beautifully.
More designers should share space, share resources. Sort of an upscale communism.
Brand identity is too often limited to personal style.
Good design is a lot like clear thinking made visual.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
The majority of iteration should be done in the privacy of your own head.
Creativity is the greatest rebellion in existence.
Never show fools unfinished work.
Real art has the capacity to make us nervous.
How well we communicate is determined not by how well we say things, but how well we are understood.
Think like a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
A good design is driven by needs and defined by constraints.
Designers think everything done by someone else is awful, and that they could do it better themselves, which explains why I designed my own living room carpet, I suppose.
Designers shooting for usable is like a chef shooting for edible.
If I want to get hired to do something, I should already be doing it.
Good design goes to heaven; bad design goes everywhere.
All the magic, be it in code or design, starts with a clear mind, pen and a blank paper.
Elegance is not the abundance of simplicity. It is the absence of complexity.
Those who don't build must burn.
At the age of six I wanted to be a cook. At seven I wanted to be Napoleon. And my ambition has been growing steadily ever since.
Losing 80% of your screen space forces you to focus. You need to make sure that what stays on the screen is the most important set of features for your customers and your business. There simply isn't room for any interface debris or content of questionable value. You need to know what matters most.
If I had more time, I would have written a shorter letter.
Having a style is like being in jail.
Instead of searching for inspiration, how about you search out someone to inspire.
The creative person basically has two kinds of jobs: One is the sexy, creative kind. Second is the kind that pays the bills. Sometimes the task at hand covers both bases, but not often.
Money is usually attracted, not pursued.
When the only tool you own is a hammer, every problem begins to resemble a nail.
It is a mistake to think that you are the typical target user.
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools.
Complexity is the enemy of reliability.
There is no such thing as simple. Simple is hard.
It takes a lot of effort to make something seem effortless.
Designers deal in ideas. They give shape to ideas that shape our world, enrich everyday experiences, and improve our lives. Where there's confusion, designers fashion clarity; where there's chaos, designers construct order; where there's entropy, designers promote vitality; where there's indifference, designers swell passion; where there's mediocrity, designers imbue excellence; and where there's silence, designers lend voice.
For every new feature we add, we take an old one out. A lot of big sites don't do that, and it's a problem. Twitter started as a beautifully simple product, but it's now going the same route as Facebook. The drive to innovate can overencumber and destroy a product.
I try not to think out of the box anymore, but on its edge, its corner, its flap, and under its bar code.
Form follows function.
One of the tragedies of the design scene is that it always acts too late.
Propaganda supersedes fact, truth and common sense in all cases.
Computers are to design as microwaves are to cooking.
The only important thing about design is how it relates to people.
This is the web. Fix it.
A well-designed text will seem weightless after a time; the initial feel of the book fades away as the mind becomes engrossed in the words.
I like my ARTSY with a little bit of FARTSY.
Sometimes magic is just someone spending more time on something than anyone else might reasonably expect.
I find that when someone's taking time to do something right in the present, they're a perfectionist with no ability to prioritize, whereas when someone took time to do something right in the past, they're a master artisan of great foresight.
No matter how cool your interface is, it would be better if there were less of it.
Behavioral design is all about feeling in control. Includes: usability, understanding, but also the feel.
There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things.
A designer is an emerging synthesis of artist, inventor, mechanic, objective economist and evolutionary strategist.
Never half-ass two things. Whole-ass one thing.
Innovation is seldom hindered by platform.
And so we have an issue. A classic impasse. Management wants process. Developers want to build something that works. Designers want to spend time thinking about use cases. What do we do?
The ugly can be beautiful. The pretty, never.
Even large companies need small logos.
The objective in times of economic restraint should be to seek excellence, not opulence.
The more uninteresting the letter, the more useful it is to the typographer.
You can observe a lot just by watching.
Whoever tells the best story wins.
Creativity is a drug I cannot live without.
I just worked hard and tried to make my thing better.
When I am down, [I am] not good at any work, including design work.
Do what you love and tomorrow will pay the rent.
Simplify, then add lightness.
To attempt mastery of everything inevitably makes us mediocre in many areas.
Translation is not a matter of words only: it is a matter of making intelligible a whole culture.
The difference between a weed and a flower is a judgement.
The only way to be creative over time - to not be undone by our expertise - is to experiment with ignorance, to stare at things we don't fully understand.
Good ideas turn into good designs fairly quickly. If you catch yourself fiddling too much with colors, borders and treatments to bring a design together, chances are the problem lies somewhere deeper.
Theory can blind observation.
The nature of space reflects what it wants to be.
Experts are rarely insulted by something that is clear enough for beginners. Everybody appreciates clarity.
Graphic design will save the world right after rock and roll does.
The grid system is an aid, not a guarantee. It permits a number of possible uses and each designer can look for a solution appropriate to his personal style. But one must learn how to use the grid; it is an art that requires practice.
Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken.
Learning never exhausts the mind.
Creativity often consists of merely turning up what is already there. Did you know that right and left shoes were thought up only a little more than a century ago?
Design is easy. All you do is stare at the screen until drops of blood form on your forehead.
Having a favourite colour is like having a favourite lung.
A confident client will see your confidence as strength, not arrogance.
Being a famous designer is like being a famous dentist.
Better to be tentative than to be recklessly sure-to be an apprentice at sixty, than to present oneself as a doctor at ten.
We ourselves feel that what we are doing is just a drop in the ocean. But the ocean would be less because of that missing drop.
If design becomes your life, you can be sure a lot of people will be making their living thanks to your designs.
Do not seek to change what has come before. Seek to create that which has not.
Simplicity will stand out, while complexity will get lost in the crowd.
Language is the amber in which a thousand precious and subtle thoughts have been safely embedded and preserved.
Well established hierarchies are not easily uprooted
Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the universe trying to build bigger and better idiots. So far, the universe is winning.
A man who stops advertising to save money is like a man who stops a clock to save time.
If it were easy to nut out tricky design problems, I might be out of a job. But it's also true that the cleverness in most lateral design doesn't come from blindly grinding away at the same concept. When you're dealing with ideas, it's rarely a matter of simply putting in more time working. Five minutes can be much more fruitful than five hours.
Designers tend to whisper, ad agencies tend to shout.
We unfortunately live in a corporate world where group decision making is made to avoid failure rather than to achieve success.
When you are stuck, walk away from the computer and draw. It will teach you how to see.
A work of art is one of mystery, the one extreme magic; everything else is either arithmetic or biology.
Design is a response to a specific problem. You are given a problem to solve, and then you let the problem itself tell you what your solution is.
Good designers are praised for their technique, great designers for their impact.
Art is I; science is we.
Done is beautiful.
Design is the fundamental soul of a human-made creation that ends up expressing itself in successive outer layers of the product or service.
High degrees of specialization may be rendering us unable to see the connections between the things we design and their consequences as they ripple out into the biosphere.
We need to shift from designing applications to designing implications.
If you knew how much work went into it, you would not call it genius.
Copywriting is definitely the profession most written about.
Of course design is about problem solving, but I cannot resist adding something personal.
Embrace change or become a Design-O-Saur.
If all else fails, [working harder than anyone else] is the greatest competitive advantage of any career.
Be friendly to those who enjoy your work and friendlier to those who attack it.
Advertising = Hey You + Buy Something
Great design is eliminating all unnecessary details.
Never do anything yourself that you can hire someone else to do, especially if they can do it better.
If you think good design is expensive, you should look at the cost of bad design.
Use two typeface families maximum. OK, maybe three.
Design must be functional and functionality must be translated into visual aesthetics, without any reliance on gimmicks that have to be explained.
There's a difference between making an imitation and selling it.
I try and be as stupid as possible regarding my profession, which means I try to look at as few design magazines as possible.
I shall sing that first line twice, and perhaps if I sing it very quickly, I shall find myself singing the third and fourth lines before I have time to think of them, and that will be a Good Song.
Any system that sees aesthetics as irrelevant, that separates the artist from the product, that fragments the work of the individual, or creates by committee, or makes mincemeat of the creative process will in the long run diminish not only the product but the maker as well.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly. What is essential is invisible to the eye.
An old surrealist trick was to take images that had no business being together and plopping them into the same image. Your mind wants to make associations. Design does that all the time.
Design in the key to everything. If you learn how to design you can do anything.
When designing an interface, imagine that your program is all that stands between the user and hot, sweaty, tangled-bedsheets-fingertips-digging-into-the-back sex.
The hole and the patch should be commensurate.
It is easier to talk than to listen. Pay attention to your clients, your users, your readers, and your friends. Your design will get better as you listen to other people.
Rules are what the artist breaks; the memorage never emerged from a formula.
Life beats down and crushes the soul, and art reminds you that you have one.
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
Drawing is speaking to the eye; talking is painting to the ear.
The ultimate inspiration is the deadline.
There is only one type of designer - the type that cares about type.
Solving any problem is more important than being right.
You want something done, ask someone busy.
An inexperienced observer sees everything in a picture; the experienced one sees even the things that are missing.
Choosing a typeface is an act of subtlety, like casting an actor: the best person to play a gardener is somebody who looks like they might belong outdoors - not somebody who is covered in flowers and shrubbery.
The definition of an expert is someone who knows what not to do.
Where do new ideas come from? The answer is simple: differences. Creativity comes from unlikely juxtapositions.
Creativity is piercing the mundane to find the marvelous.
Technology makes what was once impossible possible. Design makes it real.
If you want to be the designer that stands out of the rest, do something more than just designing. Make an interesting project like for charity, start an agency, hold an exhibition, start a design festival or build a site like Behance. Become interesting.
I am.
Good design keeps the user happy, the manufacturer in the black and the aesthete unoffended.
Delete, delete, delete and at the end find the 'core aspect of the design'.
God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference
When we feel less secure, with less control over our daily lives, we reach out to brands to connect with a time when things seemed better.
The scariest moment is always just before you start.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment. Most people are even incapable of forming such opinions.
What I love about design is the artistic and scientific complexity that also becomes useful...
Right and wrong do not exist in graphic design. There is only effective and non-effective communication.
The real issue is not talent as an independent element, but talent in relationship to will, desire, and persistence. Talent without these things vanishes and even modest talent with those characteristics grows.
The enemy of every author is not piracy, but obscurity.
To clarify, add detail. Imagine that, to clarify, add detail. Clutter and overload are not attributes of information, they are failures of design. If the information is in chaos, don't start throwing out information, instead fix the design.
Design is the silent ambassador of your brand.
I really like looking at design and thinking: that attention to detail must have taken absolutely ages.
Designers have a dual duty; contractually to their clients and morally to the later users and recipients of their work.
Features are like having sex.  You make one mistake and you have to support it for life.
Smart people learn from their mistakes. But the real sharp ones learn from the mistakes of others.
Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working.
Where you innovate, how you innovate, and what you innovate are design problems.
I think advertising is a brilliant concept that has been pooped upon by selfish marketers, resulting in corrupted motives and flawed execution.
With type as with philosophy, music and food, it is better to have a little of the best than to be swamped with the derivative, the careless, the routine.
Some people say design is about solving problems. Obviously designers solve problems but so do dentists. Design is about cultural invention.
There is no such thing as information overload, just bad design. If something is cluttered and/or confusing, fix your design.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
Practicality is the serial killer of dreams.
The best design tool is a long eraser with a pencil at one end.
Inspiration the seed. Design but the flower.
Typography has one plain duty before it and that is to convey information in writing. No argument or consideration can absolve typography from this duty.
Geometry can produce legible letters, but art alone makes the beautiful. Art begins where geometry ends, and imparts to letters a character transcending mere measurement.
The goal is not to make your user interface as realistic as possible. The goal is to add those details which help users identify what an element is, and how to interact with it, and to add no more than those details.
Moderation in all things, including moderation.
Design is where science and art break even.
The medium is the message.
If you can't draw as well as someone, or use the software as well, or if you do not have as much money to buy supplies, or if you do not have access to the tools they have, beat them by being more thoughtful. Thoughtfulness is free and burns on time and empathy.
Just let the type just do what it does.
Good ideas never go out of style.
Inspiration is perishable.
Design is the search for a magical balance between business and art; art and craft; intuition and reason; concept and detail; playfulness and formality; client and designer; designer and printer; and printer and public.
Man up, admit it isn't good enough, and fix it now.
When you make something no one hates, no one loves it.
I have always railed against ideological purity, or any other kind. Corruption is more interesting than purity.
Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance.
Watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack
The value, and especially the legitimization of design will be, in the future, measured more in terms of how it can enable us to survive... on this planet.
[If] people are made safer, more comfortable, more eager to purchase, more efficient, or just happier, the designer has succeeded.
Good ideas rarely come in bunches. The designer who voluntarily presents his client with a batch of layouts does so not out prolificacy, but out of uncertainty or fear.
The amount a person uses his imagination is inversely proportional to the amount of punishment he will receive for using it.
Good designers copy; great designers steal.
Type is a beautiful group of letters, not a group of beautiful letters.
Math is easy; design is hard.
Designers are crazy and yet sane enough to know where to draw the line.
If at first the idea is not absurd, then there is no hope for it.
We explore promising avenues that, days later, become dead ends. Sometimes, we solve a month's problem in an hour.
Let your watchword be order and your beacon beauty.
The goal of a designer is to listen, observe, understand, sympathize, empathize, synthesize, and glean insights that enable him or her to make the invisible visible.
The design business continues to navel gaze. Designers are still designing for other designers rather than working to convince the business world of the importance of design in our everyday lives.
As long as there are people, there will be user experience, and user interface designers.
The sharpness of the sword is not in the edge of the blade, but in the hand of the warrior.
If we want users to like our software we should design it to behave like a likeable person: respectful, generous and helpful.
Some designers create things to show you what they did. I design things to tell you what I solved.
A brand is the promise of an experience.
Buy the best and you only cry once.
Nail the basics first, detail the details later.
The big problem is most contemporary design practiced today is not really graphic design, but graphic decoration.
If we have trouble using something then it's probably because that thing is badly designed, rather than us being stupid.
Web design has a bad reputation for being stylistically trendy and same-looking. Some guy does a parallax scrolling site, and now your boss wants you to add that to your corporate PR website for some reason. Glossy buttons, Gaussian Noise, linen texture, new things that look fake-old, then back to minimalism and flat colors as a reaction to the glossy noisy textured fake-old stuff.
Design trends online change more often than the wind, and slightly less often than my socks.
A camel is a horse designed by a committee.
I am always driven by the terror of humiliation.
Inspired interiors indubitably involve ingenious imitations of inspired interiors.
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.
The process is really just Iterate, Iterate, Iterate.
Helvetica is like a really good friend. You go off and hang with the other fonts (the artsy, grungy, trendy, thin, fat, tall, scripty types) and even use them a little, but helvetica is always there. A nice stable friend.
Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new.
Good design is good business.
We are only three decades into one of the most important revolutions the world has ever seen. In design development terms, that is a mere blink.
We are not artists or poets. We are artisans and craftsmen. Our products solve problems. They do not hang on museum walls.
Wondering is the seed of genius.
A picture is worth a thousand words. An interface is worth a thousand pictures.
Find the simple story in the product, and present it in an articulate and intelligent, persuasive way.
The worst logo applied well is better than the best logo applied poorly.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
One should respect public opinion in so far as is necessary to avoid starvation and to keep out of prison.
The easy, conversational tone of good writing comes only on the eighth rewrite.
Call me a minimalist, call me boring and practical, whatever, but sometimes the best way to say something is with a word.
The enemy of art is the absence of limitations.
Be curious. Read widely. Try new things. I think a lot of what people call intelligence boils down to curiosity.
Problems with visual design can turn users off so quickly that they never discover all the smart choices you made with navigation or interaction design.
Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration.
Information is cheap, meaning is expensive.
Graphic design is the paradise of individuality, eccentricity, heresy, abnormality, hobbies, and humors.
A successful design career is possible without forfeiting self-respect as long as you do not undervalue (or overvalue) your work.
Defamiliarize the ordinary.
Design is a solution to a problem. Art is a question to a problem.
A well-defined problem is half solved.